Manufacturer & supplier of linear LED modules, products in Mumbai (India) Skip to content 3 Vedant 3, P & T COLONY Gandhi Nagar Dombivali - East , Thane 421203 9619436066 vivek@starlightlinearled.com facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Home About Us Solutions Linear Modular Liner Lighting for Retail Showrooms Specialized Directional Lighting Liner Lighting for High End Residance Liner Lighting for Corporate Offices Energy Saving Solutations for Corporate Offices Services Consulting & Lighting Design Customized Manufacturing Installation & Maintenance Products Contact Us Services Consulting & Lighting Design CONSULTATION Our team of expert lighting designers engages themselves with architects, right from design stage, they study the situation on... Customized Manufacturing CONSULTATION Our team of expert lighting designers engages themselves with architects, right from design stage, they study the situation on... Installation & Maintenance Our team of Installation & maintenance engineers are specially trained to handle hassle-free installation at your location. As these customized... About Us We are group of professionals with in depth industry experience of more than 22 years, passionate about innovative lighting, committed to deliver technological  benefits  LED LIGHTING technology has to offer to consumers. We believe in offering end to end lighting solutions, from concept to customized manufacturing to installation & maintenance. One stop solution for general lighting & specialized lighting applications. We understand complete requirements of the lighting Industry and we have developed rigid Linear strips, Aluminum profiles,  along with drivers and LED CONTROL system according to the needs of industry. We manufacture various linear lighting from low to high power and for many different applications.Our LED strips and lights use branded LED’s and we work very close with reputed LED manufacturers like OSRAM, LG, SAMSUNG, Meanwell etc. (more…) Our Products We are group of professionals with in depth industry experience of more than 22 years, passionate about innovative lighting, committed to deliver technological benefits LED LIGHTING technology has to offer to consumers. View Products Home Solutions Liner Lighting for Retail Showrooms Customers choose where they shop and what they buy. Contribute to your company’s image and improve your bottom line with attractive arrangements of light fixtures. Specialized Directional Lighting Special  exhibits  like jewellery and jewellery showrooms needs special lighting . Display  plays a major role in purchase decision making. A bright ,punchy, display  creates… Liner Lighting for High End Residance Making space beautifully is major task architect & interior designers have to accomlish. All imagination, efforts, can be beautified further with prescise choice of lights… Liner Lighting for Corporate Offices Corporate lighting is essentially important as it is status statement. In corporate houses may it be receptation, work station, passages good ambient lighting. About Starlight We are group of professionals with in depth industry experience of more than 22 years, passionate about innovative lighting, committed to deliver technological benefits LED LIGHTING technology has to offer to consumers. Get in touch facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Contact 3 Vedant 3, P & T COLONY Gandhi Nagar Dombivali – East Thane 421203 9619436066 vivek@starlightlinearled.com Copyright © 2021 STARLIGHT LED LIGHTING. All rights reserved. Website designed & maintained by Lets Webify